what's up it smells like a ever diamond
in the rough right now you're tuning to
behind the mic let's get it screw y'all
niggas like a true the world hop on the
beach and go delusion though they won't
need to quit but I'm refusing yo
business as usual yo y'all niggas nukka
to the road how to begin the delusion
though they won't need equipment up a
few things yelling shit has inspired me
would definitely be like my surroundings
and my friends and family and like I
just got a lot of friends we do
different shit like play football
skateboard McMillian I got some homies
that dumb shit like gang banging shit
like that and I just feel like just like
stories a day telling me like shit that
they've been through definitely affects
the way I look at life just affects the
things i can tell throughout my music I
feel like I was born with a passion for
music because my parents have always
been like really deep into music and my
grandparents also as I was like singing
in the church choir my grandpa's play
the guitar he had his own good band and
used to saying a lot my mom's just
saying in high school and she was about
to go to college for but she didn't my
pops used to play the trumpet so I feel
like that music is just installed in me
and my brothers used to like always play
different kind of music around the house
like bone thugs and harmony little Wayne
definitely just that cups that type of
stuff really influenced me to make music
my work ethic with music I usually just
get the beat and I'll just start writing
but sometimes I just right just to right
now I end up fighting the beef for it
and weed smoking that's always that
always helps it a little bit and that
always comes around throughout the day
always and um yeah I always just writing
class and right at home where I by
myself and I just love being by myself
to write music I just feel more
comfortable I can just be loud and say
what I want to say without being like
what hmm not being jealous I guess for
what I'm saying in my music um when I
record music I usually just come my
friend Nick house who engineers all my
music usually and he's also the
co-founder of super playing the sugar I
got on right now and um I'll just like
let him hear the beat and I usually let
him hear what I'm saying but
required just to see if it's dope I mean
it's always dope to me but I always like
to get somebody else's input mostly Nick
just to see what's up see if he fucks
with it too this message has really been
a struggle from the get-go man but as
far as me writing music I started
writing music when I was 13 14 and just
putting my emotions into and I was
really self-conscious about it so my
brothers came into my room one day when
I was writing it just told me to rap to
him they just wouldn't leave me alone
about it so I just had to wrap to him
and they told my mom so I started
rapping her and they liked it so I just
kept doing it and like got more fluent
with it got better with it smarter with
my lyrics and as far as like recording
goes that was really a struggling me it
still is a little bit but we keep
progressing but when we first started we
were using a laptop but the little
laptop might just have a fun with
nothing serious I mean I was serious but
I wouldn't like serious about if you
know I'm saying like I was always trying
to my best as far as writing music but
then we step it up to a USB mic I mean
that was okay but it's not the best now
we're using an XLR mic I mean that's
pretty good but I mean that's not the
best either and we're just recording in
the closet but it still sounds we've
been in a lot of these guys in my city
there were a lot of guys period as far
as like the roms as far as the music
itself it's way better no gotta go let's
try to cock anything and um yeah man the
struggle is still going on because
people going to hate on you no matter
what you doing man you always go have
some haters might they say if you don't
have haters you obviously not doing
something right so I mean I guess I'm
doing something right these niggas
hating so yeah man it's still a struggle
always in 2013 you should be expecting a
lot for me and my team you should be
expecting a lot of show is definitely a
lot of music and a lot of videos putting
out this new mixtape card I'm in the
rough too and that should be out late
februari that's gonna be really dope i'm
also working on this collaboration
mixtape with my homie coupe the klepto
who's in a group called the kleptos and
they do like a lot of guitar stuff to
stray from a guitar barely any samples
or anything like that
it's nothing like you've ever before and
that's going to be really cool and that
should be dropping like late January
that's going to be really cool I'm
diamond in the rough too I'm probably
gonna have a couple features because I'm
trying to like pretty much keep it to
myself so I'm gonna have um probably
just BAM Marley he was also on business
as usual my latest mixtape and I'm gonna
have my homeboy dougie d who moved to
Massachusetts but he was also my last
mixtape business as usual but you should
be expecting that that should be really
cool and definitely um the people I
always flat with as far as beats idle
hands name is mercy did the dumbing the
brain beat um my homeboy joined isaac
AKA kid nasa part of jam world he makes
some dope beats and you should be
expecting live show from him not someone
who me coop the klepto one coming up
with the collaboration tape with he's
definitely going to have some beats on
there it's gonna be real tight man um i
want to give a shout out to coop the
klepto my homeboy Nick Gregory um my
homie BAM marley jay ivan all the master
crew um shout out my homeboy WD Tony T
um anybody who support me man I fuck
with you just shut up to you yo what's
up his medals the diamond in the rough
17 year old rapper for rocket South
Carolina and thanks for tuning in to
behind the mic peace
I love tree in my double l see ya
nigga smoking man thinking that you and
the highest making mary jane got a
mutual walk alliance that she running
with me took the damn smoking loud so
strong make these niggas go there take a
breath for you inhale the potent and
some believable smoke every day it's a
richer world never getting old niggas
where i love it so my soul and any kind
of place hash brownies